no we're never getting home from their
mind
you've been alone well been here for
quite a while now waiting for the Train
I want to go home you don't mind if I
wait movie dear so what time is this
training coming and there's a timetable
up there it should be here soon I mean
the time to opal says the train is
definitely coming we just need to wait
listen you download nothing out here
look at the time I mean we're not here
for ages if we said this train was
coming it's definitely coming I know it
is you just need to wait be patient take
a seat I'm trying to be a patient we've
been here for ages listen just down the
road I could have gone to the main
railway station and got me bus cab to
you name it and then I've got come here
I can't squeeze up through some narrow
gate but you don't understand everyone
uses the buses everyone uses tubes and
the trains but not everyone finds the
narrow gate that is the only way home
just trust me take a seat I'm sure the
train will be here soon you're a fool
I've been waiting here too long there
I'm out of it no but you don't
understand the train is definitely
coming the time tapes it so it's
freezing cold I need to go home and
you're here waiting for a train that
supposedly supposed to be coming I'll
think so listen up I'm gone no no no
that's not the gossip you need to just
be patient and wait for the Train the
timetable definitely said it's coming
just trust me on this one I'm tired of
trust in you it's in your wasting your
time love if you want to go home I
suggest you follow me I'm going to the
main station where everyone is that's
right all is and if I want to go home
that's why I'm gonna go all right
all right I'm at your way ivy
I know this trend is coming
the time said sir yeah now this is more
likely this is not talking about but
isn't she
now I can get home live ones still Iraq
16 something I wanna see a new job oh no
Jimmy civilization that we saw for the
help
six something for you Joe Gatto Jimmy
simple possession or never suffer the
help
you
yay